Sync by BeanBaro
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
Previously
on A.N.T. Farm.
I'm Jeanne Gossamer.
I'm new here.
Is there somewhere specific I should sit?
Lexi Reed, this is Jeanne Gossamer.
There's no one there.
But Jeanne came into the classroom.
I remember you were reading that catalog.
She was never there?
I feel so sorry for Cameron.
He's really hurting.
And not just because he
ordered the cactus sandwich.
Ow!
Hey, Cameron.
Mind if we join you?
Unless you'd rather be alone
with your invisible girlfriend.
I have to say, though, she seems
like a bit of an airhead.
Listen, don't worry,
pretty soon, you'll forget
all about Jeanne.
Jeanne!
Wait. She was on that jeans catalog,
so she does actually exist.
Maybe we can track her down.
I see where you're going with this.
You find her, Cameron meets her for real,
she can shoot him down like an enemy plane,
and then we can all get on with our lives.
Good plan!
Sync by BeanBaro
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
♪ Ooh, ooh Doo, doo
♪ Ooh, ooh Doo, doo ♪
Whoo!
♪ Everybody's got that thing
♪ Something different
we all bring
♪ Don't you let 'em
clip your wings
♪ You got it You got it
♪ We're on fire and we blaze
♪ In extraordinary ways
♪ 365 days
♪ We got it We got it
♪ You can dream it
♪ You can be it
♪ If you can feel it
♪ You can believe it
♪ 'Cause I am,
you are, we are
♪ Exceptional Exceptional
♪ Yeah, I am, you are, we are
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
Whoo!
Sync by BeanBaro
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
This bakery is supposed to be great.
I hear their sliced bread is the
best thing since sliced bread.
Welcome to Hippo Stadium,
where you are safe to enjoy
delicious ballpark food
at prices that are out of this world!
Hippo? Aren't you
the music business?
I was. Now I'm that
restaurant business.
Where's the bakery?
I was all set
everything bagel.e
I mean, If it really had everything on it,
it would collapse under its own mass
and it would turn into a black hole.
I changed the theme.
I checked this website
and what's out right now.
And bakeries
right now. ut.
What's very in, though,
is America's favorite pastime.
Eating.
And to a much lesser extent, baseball.
Popcorn! Get your
fresh, hot popcorn here!
Lexi?
She's working here?
This is great! Lexi is always
bossing us around at school,
but here, she'll have to serve
us, and we can boss her around.
Yo! Blondie!
Popcorn here!
What are you Ants doing here?
Excuse me, young lady, but,
I do not believe that is the proper
way to address paying customers.
Sorry, paying customer.
What can I get you?
Popcorn!
And make it snappy!
That'll be eight bucks.
What? I'd like
to do a spit-take.
One soda, please.
That'll be $10.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Eight dollars?
For this tiny bag of popcorn?
This is outrageous.
We demand to speak to your supervisor.
You mean Hippo?
He's busy cleaning out the nacho machine.
If you'd like, for an extra 25 cents,
you can get the large popcorn.
Yeah, we'll take the large.
And hurry!
Chop, chop!
Here you go.
Well, you do get more for your money.
I can feel the red hot kernels
burning tiny holes in my clothes.
Cameron, great news!
I called the catalog company
and talked them into
giving me Jeanne's contact information.
And even better, I ordered
these skinny denim capris!
That's incredible!
I know!
They were on sale!
I meant about Jeanne.
What did you find out?
Well, her name is Vanessa LaFontaine,
and she's here in San Francisco.
Really?
You're not messing with me,
like that time you told me
the Earth was round?
Even though on every map it's flat.
Nope. And the best news is
she's temporarily blind
from a modeling mishap.
She lost her sight?
Mmm-hmm.
How is that good news?
Because she can't see what you look like,
so you might actually
have a chance with her!
Good point!
Before she gets her vision back,
I can get her to fall in
love with my personality.
Or your hopelessly deluded optimism.
So how can I get her to spend time with me?
I'll take care of that.
So, Vanessa, darling, thank you
for agreeing to do this shoot
for my new line of shades that combine
sunglasses with fun.
I call them, sunglafunses.
Why don't you just call them funglasses?
You're the model, darling.
Less talking, more being pretty.
So just to be clear,
you are completely sightless?
You can't see my wig and my costume?
I mean, my hair and my outfit?
No. But I can imagine
what you look like.
Actually, no, I can't.
So, darling, meet your fellow
fabu-luscious model in the shoot.
This is Cameron.
Hey, babe. Too bad
you can't see me.
I'm incredibly handsome.
Darlings, you look fabutastic together,
but I'm not feeling you as a couple.
I want you to spend some
romantic time together,
get to know each other better.
So you two, what's your
idea of the perfect date?
I've always wanted to have a picnic...
Done!
In a hot-air balloon.
Done.
Wait, what?
Vanessa, take my jacket.
It's windy way up here in the clouds.
Are you sure we're outside?
Because it smells like
dry-erase markers and paste.
Uh, that's because we're flying above
the famous Acme Dry-Erase
Marker and Paste Factory.
Wow, there are a lot of annoying
and unnecessary birds in the sky today.
So, Vanessa, darling,
what do you look for in a man?
I like a guy who's tall, handsome,
smart, sophisticated...
Um... You just described
Cameron perfectly!
Can I touch your face so I can
feel exactly how handsome you are?
Uh...
Sure.
Wow. You have
really chiseled features.
Wow, that World War I fighter
plane is awfully close to us.
Dangerously close.
So, Cameron, do you work out?
I like guys who are really buff.
Can I feel your muscles?
Uh...
Here.
Feel.
Wow.
Is this a pineapple ring?
Uh, no, no, darling, It's a bracelet.
Cameron got it for you.
Put it on her, darling.
Lexi knocked us over with 200 pounds of popcorn.
We need to get her back.
Yeah.
How's your head, Fletcher?
Anyway, here's the plan.
Angus alters the website that
says what's in and what's out
to get Hippo to change his business to
some place that will make Lexi miserable.
How about a law firm?
My dad's a lawyer.
He seems miserable.
I know!
What does Lexi hate more than
anything else in the world?
Us?
True. But I was thinking
horizontal stripes.
Welcome to the Alcatraz Bistro.
With prices so low, it's criminal.
Wait, I don't understand.
Lexi, why aren't you
dressed like a prisoner?
Because the customers are the prisoners.
Let's get out of here.
Prison break in sector three!
What the heck? Hey!
Today's specials are whatever we feel like
serving you, you deviant dregs of society!
You got to let me out of here!
My cell mate has the crazy eyes!
I demand to speak to the warden!
Yeah, and I demand he tell us
what the dessert specials are!
Not now. It's time
for the cavity search.
Okay, no cavities.
You can have dessert.
What's wrong, Cameron?
And why aren't you using the tissues?
Dad says they're for company.
Why are you crying? I thought things
were going great with Vanessa.
They were.
But she just called and said she's
getting her bandages off tomorrow.
A week early!
She said she can't wait to see me in
all my tall, muscular handsomeness!
What am I going to do?
Don't worry, Cameron. Maybe Vanessa
will find you adorable and unique.
Like that three-legged goat
we saw at the petting zoo.
No, she's going to leave me forever.
Maybe trying to trick
Vanessa was a bad idea.
No kidding.
I'm sorry, Cameron.
But I just couldn't stand
to see you so unhappy.
If there's anything I can do,
anything at all, just let
me know and I'll do it.
There is one thing you can do.
There is? Name it.
Make me a 6'4" hunk
of pure muscle! Now!
Do it!
I can't.
But I think I might know someone who can.
Quite a sticky wicket
you've gotten yourself into.
But I think I could help, old chap.
Can you help without the accent?
Fine!
I've invented a few gadgets
that will help you look like a new man.
Check out these shoes.
Shoes?
I already have shoes.
These aren't your ordinary,
run-of-the-mill shoes.
They're elevator shoes.
Observe.
Now, this I'm really proud of.
Watch this watch.
Watch which watch?
Your wristwatch?
Wow, that's a tongue twister.
No, this is a tongue twister.
Stick out your tongue and
I'll show you how it works.
No, that's okay.
So, how does your watch work?
Watch.
Well, he doesn't need a watch.
He needs muscles.
Muscles? No problem.
I can get you muscles like that.
Uh, that's not the kind of muscles I meant.
What other kind of mussels are there?
That was an outrage.
We were locked behind bars,
and Lexi just laughed at us.
I know. That's why
I only tipped her 14%.
Wow. Prison changed you.
Wait!
I know a new theme that Lexi
will absolutely despise!
Even worse than prison.
A place of misery and human suffering.
Welcome to Hippo's Circus Cafe.
Where the "F" from the health
department stands for fun!
And also food poisoning.
Would you like to try
the shish kebabs tonight?
Uh, no thanks.
I prefer food that hasn't been
in someone else's mouth yet.
Well, then don't order
the gazpacho, either.
Olive, I don't understand.
Why would this be terrible for Lexi?
That's why.
I can only imagine the horrible things
that will come out of that elephant.
What's that glittering
in the elephant poop?
Disgusto the Clown, will you
please pick this up for me?
I found a diamond ring!
This must be worth like $5,000.
What the heck?
Wait. Does this mean Lexi and
Disgusto are engaged now?
I've had so much fun with Cameron.
Most male models are so stuck up and boring.
Yes, well, Cameron is not
like most male models.
At all.
Don't worry.
He'll be here soon.
He's just putting the finishing touches
on his ensemble for the big shoot.
Okay, now that I understand
you wanted "muscles,"
get ready for me to pump you up.
Cool!
How do I look?
Like you're wearing a bouncy house.
By the way, you are.
I made it from a bouncy house.
This plan stinks!
Did you get a whiff of that hippo?
What hippo?
I only see an elephant.
The dancing Hippo in the tutu.
Don't get distracted.
We're here to torture Lexi,
not watch disturbing yet strangely
compelling circus acts.
Waitress!
Can I get a drink over here?
Coming right up.
All right, that's it!
New plan.
You know what elephants hate the most?
Generalizations about
their likes and dislikes?
No. Mice.
Can you carve this roll
into the shape of a mouse?
If I couldn't, what kind
of art prodigy would I be?
Here.
Watch.
This will wipe the smile
right off Lexi's face.
Why would you taunt the elephant like that?
He's on a gluten-free diet.
And I think I have an idea of how
you can pay for the damages.
Okay, I don't.
But I'll think of one.
So, darling, while we're
waiting for Cameron,
let me tell you about my
new line of beachwear
that combines sun dresses with fun.
Do you call them sundrefunses?
No, that's ridiculous.
I call them f undresses.
Sorry I'm late.
I was working out.
You don't get muscles like this
by just inflating some balloon
suit under your clothes.
Okay, I'm taking off my bandages.
I want you to be the first thing I see.
Wow.
You are really
well-built.
Thank you.
Oops.
Angus, do something!
What just happened?
Oh, nothing.
Your eyes must still be adjusting.
Like, when you look at me, you
probably see a 12-year-old girl
instead of a 40-something
queen of the fashion world.
The doctor did say it would
take about half an hour
for my vision to return to normal.
Oh, well, it's only been...
All right.
What's going on here?
Okay.
Here's the deal.
Cameron saw you on that
Gossamer Jeans catalog
and instantly fell in love with you.
He was so in love that he imagined you
were his date to the school dance.
Imagined? You mean
like a loony bird?
Uh-huh!
Everyone made fun of him,
and to cheer him up,
I sang a song, which I'd be happy
to sing for you right now.
Maybe some other time.
The truth is Cameron's not a model.
He's not 6'4".
He's not super buff.
He's not classically handsome.
He's not very smart.
You know what, just forget what he's not.
What he is is the greatest guy I know.
Vanessa, I'm sorry I lied to you.
It's just you're so beautiful I was
willing to try anything to meet you.
You made up this whole modeling gig?
I can't believe you.
That's the craziest thing
anyone's ever done.
I know.
It's also the most romantic.
I'm sorry, did you say "romantic"?
My ears are still ringing from
when my head hit the ceiling.
And then the wall.
And then the other wall.
Nobody's ever gone through this
much trouble to impress me.
Usually, guys just
do something really lame,
like buy me a car or diamond earrings.
I promise I will never, ever do that.
That is so sweet.
Really?
In that case,
why don't we go out and get to
know each other a little better?
Let me just go wash my hands first.
For some reason my wrist
smells like rotten pineapple.
Chyna, we did it!
She actually likes me!
Of course she does.
I meant what I said.
That I'm the greatest guy you know?
Well, to be fair, I do not
know that many people.
Shut up.
You love me.
Hey, Cameron. I'm ready.
Let's go!
Wow.
Cameron might actually have a girlfriend.
Did not see that coming.
Or that.
Sync by BeanBaro
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com